This is Gypsy Davy.
In the Ozarks, they always make I for Y and sing it Gypsy Davy, an old British ballad.
Sung by May Kennedy McCord, June the 10th, 5th, June the 15th, 1939.
Gypsy Davy come a-ridin' around.
He sang so loud and lovely.
He hung his bugle around his waist till he charmed the heart of a lady.
Till he charmed the heart of a lady.
Come go with me, my pretty fine miss.
Come go with me, my honey.
You shall never want for money.
He put on his fine new Sunday shoes all made of Spanish leather. He put on his old cork boots and they both rode off together, and they both rode off together.
Her husband, he came home that night inquiring for his lady.
He was informed by a pretty fair maid she's gone with the Gypsy Davy.
She's gone with the Gypsy Davy.
Saddle me up my blondale horse and hand me down my flagon.
I'll ride to the east and I'll ride to the west till I overtake my lady, till I overtake my lady.
He rode till he came to the banks of the sea.
The sea was dark and muddy.
The tears came a rolling down his cheeks,
For there he spied his honey,
For there he spied his honey.
Will you forsake your home? he cried.
Will you forsake your baby?
Will you forsake your husband, too, to go with the Gypsy Davy?
Yes, I'll forsake my home, she cried.
And I'll forsake my baby.
And I'll forsake my husband, too, to go with the Gypsy Davy.
To go with the Gypsy Davy.
Last night, you slept on a fair white bed between me and your baby.
Tonight, you're sleeping on the cold, cold ground.
A-sleepin' with the Gypsy Davy.